# PirateGame
<p>PirateGame is a top-down shooter in which you control a pirate ship with frontal and side cannons The player’s objective is to defend themselves against rapidly spawning enemies. There are two types of enemies. Shooter enemies wait for the player to come close to them before firing their frontal cannons, which makes the player have to shoot them from afar in order to survive. Consequently, these long-ranged enemies deny parts of the map from being moved to until they are destroyed. Chaser enemies continuously move towards the player and, upon contact, they explode, dealing damage. Their role is to put pressure on the user to keep moving to avoid taking damage, accelerating the game’s pace. </p>
<p>	The game measures your score according to how many enemies you killed. The round ends after two minutes or when the user's ship is destroyed. However, keeping oneself alive is not easy. The player is always being chased by enemies and losing places to run to because of the shooter enemies. You have to strike a balance between shooting your chasers and taking out long-range cannon ships. To help you with this is the player’s cannons. You can either shoot one cannonball from the front of the ship or shoot three cannonballs to each side of the ship. Since it’s easier to aim using the frontal cannon and the side cannons can deal more damage if more than one cannonball hits a target, the player should feel like he should shoot the ranged enemies with their frontal cannons and, when being chased, should quickly turn and hit the chaser with their side cannons. </p>